c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.exe.config
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.exe
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.pdb
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.g.resources
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.exe
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.pdb
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\RxUI_BindingFailure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\MainWindowView.baml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\obj\Debug\MainWindowView.g.cs
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.Blend.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.Xaml.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.Blend.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ReactiveUI.Xaml.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\phil.sonocine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RxUI_BindingFailure\RxUI_BindingFailure\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
